This paper deals with the seismic analysis of a star (Zvrk) observed during two cycles (~2 times a year) by TESS. Additional photometric, astrometric and spectrometric data (Gaia, ASAS-SN, APOGEE) are used to enrich the analysis. A few results are extracted, among which the possible detection of differential rotation and the possible engulfment of a planet in a recent history.

The data analysis, while in some senses quite novel, remains unconvincing. Further data analysis providing unbiased results and relevant uncertainties, followed by credible discussion, is needed. As this stage, the seismic part of this paper extrapolates uncertain results. Discussion about differential rotation is, in particular, an unrealistic extrapolation. Even the identification of solar-like oscillations is not firmly established (as per Fig 1, oscillations are not detectable).

Furthermore, the paper's organization is unclear and somewhat confusingly laid out. This is illustrated by Section 2.4 the title of which is "What is Zvrk", which follows many pages where this star was already considered as a red giant. A consistent, efficient, and non-wordy presentation is needed. Overall, along with some unrealistic claims that should be discarded or shortened, the paper is much too long. A better use references and the bibliography can significantly shorten the text

At this stage, it is not possible to consider the detection of the dipole multiplets as significant. The authors need to perform a robust statistical analysis to confirm this detection. In the event of quantitative confirmation, the interpretation and discussion must be kept limited to credible inferences. The valuable non-seismic material can be used in a refurbished paper.

DATA ANALYSIS

1) The Fourier spectrum in Figure 1 shows no peak with a SNR above 2.5. The application of the H0 test then indicates that noise is enough to explain all peaks. Taken in isolation, this would signal that the rest of the work is not credible.
However, the comparison of Fig 1 with Fig 2, (a bit challenging because of imprecise captions for both figures) may indicate that the raw spectrum is not shown in Fig 1, but a smoothed spectrum. If the raw spectrum was used, then the data should be considered as consistent with pure noise. If not, then the use of the label S/N is incorrect and misleading. A proper definition of the y-axis must be given; a proper statistical analysis is needed to assess the presence of solar-like oscillations.
[editor: showing a broader range of frequencies should help show the level of power excess as well]

2) The comparison of Zvrk with two stars observed by Kepler confirms that noise is dominating. For such similar bright stars observed over the course of years, the oscillation and background oscillation power spectra should be the same, with no influence of the instrumental noise, and no influence of the observation duration (except in terms of frequency resolution, but not in terms of power spectral density). Here, regardless the exact definition of S/N plotted on the y-axis (which is not given, but is the same for the three stars), it looks like the spectrum of Zvrk is dominated by noise. A quantitative discussion about the actual detection of solar-like oscillations is needed, prior to a serious seismic analysis. The method by Viani et al (2019) seems either inappropriate (it was developed for low-noise synthetic data), or is used in an improper way.

3) In the Bayesian analysis for assessing the seismic parameters is irrelevant, the authors have used such tight priors that the pseudo-blind Bayesian analysis solution is fixed to the hand-made solution. The (psuedo) fit of the quadrupole multiplets is based on peaks with a very tiny height.

4) The entire analysis is based on unrealistic uncertainties. The authors claim a precision of 10 nHz for Dnu (Table 1) and for individual frequencies (Table A1), which corresponds to the frequency resolution of the data (inverse of ~3 yr). Such a precision level is not reached for longer, higher-quality data observed by Kepler.

In general, the treatment of uncertainties is systematically unrealistic (e.g.: Z0 in Table 2, Gamma at line 344). The uncertainty on the inclination is also significantly underestimated (line 342)

5) Lines 329-331 illustrates a problem of analysis, where an a priori is considered as a result.

6) Basic information is often hidden in the paper and/or comes too late. The magnitude of the star should be provided very early, so that one understands that the poor signal in the Fourier spectrum is not related to a low luminosity. The actual frequency resolution should be given (either the value 0.007 µHz in the caption of Fig 2, or the description of the time series in Section 2, is incorrect).

SEISMIC ANALYSIS

As far as I know, seismology alone is not able to unambiguously distinguish between RGB and AGB stars. Using epsilon_p for stating that the star is first-ascent giant is incorrect. A realistic relative uncertainty of Dnu implies a large uncertainty in epsilon_p and precludes any identification.

1) A simple sanity check strongly suggests that the identification/analysis of the quadrupole multiplets is an artifact. As shown in Fig 2, the quadrupole multiplets are artificially created by a confusion of l=2, m=-2 modes with dipole (l=1, m=+1) modes, and l=2, m=+2 with radial modes. From the figure, it is clear that the quality of the spectrum hampers the clear identification of quadrupole modes, and is by far not enough for deriving any information about them.

2) The remark above indicates that, contrary to the claim of the authors (lines 307-310), the determination of the mode widths is a crucial step in the analysis.

3) The absence of a clear quadrupole signal raises strong doubt about the identification of the spectrum in terms of solar=like oscillations. To assess the detection of solar-like oscillations, the authors have to justify the presence of a clear dipole signal, and the absence of a clear quadrupole signal.

4) Stellar inclination: because of the high noise level, the amplitudes of the l=1, m=0 components are largely unknown. This implies a large uncertainty on the inclination, which needs to be reflected in the analysis.

5) Differential rotation: Figure 8, as presented, show that little to nothing can be derived about differential rotation, or to rule out uniform rotation. The authors have to remove the l=2 data, to provide realistic uncertainties.

6) At most, authors may have 2 pieces of information about rotation, as provided by the dipole modes and by the rotationally modulated spot signal. The paragraph ending Section 3 shows that the authors are aware of the weakness of their claims. In such case, there is no need to develop incorrect inferences over many pages.

DISCUSSION

From the introduction in Section 4.1, one understands that there are multiple good reasons showing that Zvrk is not a merger remnant. Then weak reasons are provided over five pages. The Section discussion can and should be severely shortened. Interesting information is presented here, but it is only weakly connected to the paper.

ORGANIZATION AND LENGTH

The layout of the paper is unclear and misleading, with too many wordy sections.

1) Section 2.1 supposes that the star is a first ascent giant. Then, section 2.4 presenting the discussion about T Tauri stars is irrelevant and should be eliminated. If the star is an evolved RGB, it cannot be a T Tauri so the degree of relevance is too remote.

2) From the possible measurements of the global seismic parameters, it is clear that the star cannot be in the red clump stage. A sentence and a reference are enough to making this clear, so that many paragraphs in Section 2.1 can be removed.

3) It is also clear that modes, if real, can be considered as pure pressure modes. No need then to discuss what would happen if mixed modes were present.

4) All these issues lower the quality and readability of the paper. I consider that the paper could easily fit in less than 10 pages. The actual content is limited (rapid surface rotation, if properly assessed) that it should be limited to 5-6 pages. From all the caveats that are mentioned above, the terms "identification" and "characterization" are insecure, so that the title should be changed.

FIGURES

Figure 1: A definition of S/N should be given; furthermore, the relevance of this ratio should be made clear when the spectrum is smoothed (as it is certainly, according to the comparison with Fig 2); if not, then my first remark applies and the paper should be abandoned due to the absence of signal. Provide a broader frequency range, to more clearly show any power excess.

Figure 2: Provide clearer figures, especially Fig 2b

Figure 3 is unneeded, since the determination of dnurot_2 is spurious.

Figure 4: Provide a color code with more contrast; fig4c is unclear.

Figure 8 shows clearly that constraining differential rotation is impossible.