This revised version of the paper suffers from most of the same issues as the previous one. Therefore, I feel that significant revision remains necessary as per the first report and this new one. The authors should not forget that the refereeing process in general, and my remarks in particular, are intended to be a constructive process, with the goal to raise the quality of the paper.

At this stage, I consider that Section 4 needs to be revised in detail (I explain why below), perhaps for a next paper. Other sections still need significant work before publication.

1) Comments that were not, or not properly, taken into account


Providing a correct definition of the ratio S/N and correct oscillation power spectra have not solved many of the problems I raised. It was clear that some signal is present, and also clear that the data analysis needed improvement. (If I had considered that only noise is present, I would have recommended rejection of the original submission, instead of continuing with my detailed report.)

- The properties of the time series are not given. The frequency resolution is given as 8 nHz (in the caption of Fig 2), same as Kepler. However, in lines 1725-1726 the authors note that the TESS data have 'shorter duration compared to the nominal Kepler mission.' It is absolutely necessary to give precise information about the times series (lines 159-161 are much too vague). The window effect and its consequence has to be studied: do aliases perturb the analysis? The power spectrum density should be shown in a broad frequency range (broader than current figures 1 and 2).

- Many paragraphs can be omitted since they introduced unnecessary information (for one example, the lines 199-204 dealing with clump stars - unneeded since Zvrk cannot be a clump star).

- Comments about quadrupole modes and differential rotation were not properly taken into account. Separate paragraphs below discuss these points.

- The lack of relevance of Section 2.4 is not because of its content, but from the inappropriate location of this section.

2) New issues

- Concerning the definition provided for S/N shows: what matters here is the ratio of the seismic signal compared to the background. The granulation background, even if noisy due to incoherent signal, follows rules that are deterministic. Hence, the denominator is not pure noise. In fact, the authors do mention the "noise" (with quote marks introduced by them) due to granulation. Many papers use the expression 'height to background ratio'; the authors should do so. The model of the background must be given. Please provide correct notation, with a single symbol, for the background (and not BG as in Eq. (2))

- Dividing physical quantities by their units is very bad practice (e.g. nu/muHz, Fig. 1). The x- and y-axes of Figures 5, 10, 11 are correctly presented, but all other figures and tables suffer from this inconsistent shortcut, which must be corrected.

3) Quadrupole modes

The way the authors determine the quadrupole modes is not properly given. As a result, the mode parameters have ambiguous meaning and statistical tests remain inconclusive.

- The authors claim that the 'linewidths are not physically relevant for the discussion.' This is incorrect, and contradicts the result that leaving individual linewidths as free parameters hampers any fit.

- As already noted, the degeneracy of the mode identification is total: ALL peaks identified as quadrupole modes can be confused with either radial or dipole modes. The word 'degeneracy' needs to appear in the text, and the robustness of any statistical tests against degeneracy must be presented.

- The crucial role of the linewidths is evident from the fact that, for 10 quadrupole modes with a claimed identification, 6 overlaps with other dipole or radial modes in total confusion, 3 overlap with a frequency difference below the mean linewidth, 1 overlap with a frequency difference of about 2 x linewidth.

- Quadrupole heights in a given multiplet seem to be defined as a function of a mean height modulated by the inclination and the azimuthal order. If I am right, then the fit relies on the assumption that |m|= 2 modes in a given multiplet have the same height. This must be clearly stated. This assumption certainly contributes to locking the fit on the initial guess. In real spectra, the heights of modes with same |m| are often quite different. Therefore, the authors have also to test a fit with independent individual heights.

I have little doubt that, if the oscillation spectrum actually corresponds to solar-like oscillations, quadrupole modes are in fact detected. However, the degeneracy hampers clear and precise measurements; it also severely limits the utility of these modes for deriving any conclusions.

4) Differential rotation

The authors claim the detection of a weak radial differential rotation. As shown above, the degeneracy of the oscillation spectrum must be considered before deriving any conclusion. Even in the absence of degeneracy, the frequency difference reported (and illustrated by Fig. 3) is a very small fraction of the mode widths. This hampers any conclusion in terms of differential rotation. Did the authors test any possible pollution via the window effect?

Moreover, the analysis in Appendix B demonstrates the irrelevance of testing differential rotation. Figure B3 shows a fully insecure analysis: such exploded posterior distributions mask any firm result. The sentence in lines 1861- 1863 confirms that the analysis is unsuccessful.

To sum up, from a biased, inappropriate, negative analysis, the authors conclude a 'weak evidence for differential rotation.' This claim has a serious consequence: readers are likely to be unconvinced.

5) Section 4

I did not comment on Section 4 in detail in my first report, sorry for that.

The name of the Section, Discussion, seems to indicate that results obtained in the previous Sections will be discussed. But new concepts are introduced and developed over 5 pages, in an unclear way. They all address different aspects of the rotation of Zvrk.

This section should be removed from the current paper, and can well constitute the basis of a new paper, for the following reasons:

- The flow of Section 4 is as confusing as the layout of the whole papers: the order of presentation is often illogical, most often incomplete, and therefore unclear. Again, the organization of the paper is faulty, with arguments of Section 4.3 already used in Section 4.1 (line 988).

- Concepts are not properly introduced, with many omissions and shortcuts. The reader is often lost, for instance when concepts are discussed without any precise definition, or even without any contextual elements.

- Section 4.1: the large amount of lithium should be used to reach more direct results. If the engulfment of a single planet cannot work for obvious quantitative reasons, then there is no need to consider this hypothesis in isolation. More recent references should be used. In their answer, the authors 'find that a planet-engulfment scenario is preferred to tidal spin-up or mass transfer, for example.' At lines 1143-1145, we read 'Zvrk would have had to ingest the lithium supply of ∼ 10^3 gas giants to generate this chemical signature from engulfment alone.' Then the process that provides the equivalent of 999 engulfments should be preferred?

The introduction of four scenarios does not help clarify anything: the discussion of scenario I is rapidly mixed with scenario III. The discussion of scenario II introduces elements of scenario IV: this disorder underlines the lack of logic of the layout. The readers need a clear discussion, in a systematic way, instead of complex speculations.

The conclusion of Section 4.1 suffers from the weaknesses of the analysis. None of the four scenarios in isolation is adequate. Nothing is said about possible interactions. The mention of the Cameron-Fowler process is not put into context (by the way, more recent work on Li should be cited, at least for examining surface abundance variations as a function of stellar evolution, as for instance Lagarde et al. (2015, A&A 580, A141)

- Section 4.2 is also unclear: the first sentence introduces magnetic activity in *dwarves*, and no link with magnetic activity in red giants is given. None of the terms of Eq (9) are defined.

- Section 4.3 is missing important information. Fig 12 is totally unclear: the reader lacks basic information needed to understand Fig 12. Moreover, terms are not defined, as vSP13.

Unscientific terminology are introduced: what are more aggressive/pessimistic scenarios?

As written above, this Section can and should be removed from the paper. Pay attention to avoid imprecise sentences as
- 'Since we have only measured Zvrk's present state' (line 950)
- '...departures from the existing theory of single-star evolution (line 959)': do you mean 'standard model'? 'Theory' is inappropriate'

5) Appendix B

The new method introduced here should be tested on a high-quality spectrum, as explained by the authors (lines 1724-1726).
- Lines 1651-1656: The sentence should be reworded or skipped.
- Figure B1: the y-caption of Fig B1a is incorrect; it should be different from Fig B1c
- Figure B3 shows whye the analysis is not satisfying, with exploded posterior distributions. This figure shows the weakness of the conclusion in terms of 'differential rotation', as indicated by the authors in lines 1861-1863. Why persist in announcing a weak detection of differential rotation?